Evaluate the `GuardScanRadius` of various naval units (#6939)
FAForever/fa: changelog/snippets/balance.6939.md

> - (#6939) Increase the `GuardScanRadius` cap of naval units. This prevents them from moving closer to their targets than necessary when using attack-move. For example, attack-moving a Summit (UEF Battleship) will now allow it to use its full range more effectively.

Reviewer: I added the performance impact Jip mentioned and I clarified exactly which units are affected.
```suggestion
- (#6939) Increase the `GuardScanRadius` cap of naval units. This prevents them from moving closer to their targets than necessary when using attack-move, although it does increase their performance impact.

  The units affected include battleships (especially the UEF battleship), strategic missile submarines, missile cruisers, the Cybran destroyer, the Cybran cruiser, and the Aeon Shard.

```
